Copyright (c) 2004 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network Circle, Santa
Clara, California 95054, U.S.A. All rights reserved.  Use is subject 
to license terms available at http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lesser.html.  
Sun, Sun Microsystems and the Sun logo are trademarks or registered 
trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.

This product is covered and controlled by U.S. Export
Control laws and may be subject to the export or import laws in other
countries.  Nuclear, missile, chemical biological weapons or nuclear
maritime end uses or end users, whether direct or indirect, are
strictly prohibited.  Export or reexport to countries subject to
U.S. embargo or to entities identified on U.S. export exclusion lists,
including, but not limited to, the denied persons and specially
designated nationals lists is strictly prohibited.

LICENSE TERMS:

Copyright (c) 2004 Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved. Use is
subject to license terms.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the Lesser GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307
USA.
